feat: General documentation changes (#47)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/8_demonstration_game.rst

Demonstration game
==================

The demonstration game provides examples to help you understand some how to
implement some common adventure game concepts with Escoria. Have a look through
the implementation of the rooms using the Godot editor, and how their Escoria

> scripts work. The rooms give you examples of :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scripts work. The rooms show examples of the following:
```
